Define minimum stale time for issues/PRs in SIGs (#1897)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: issue-management.md

re-open for discussion if there are additional info, justification and
questions.

> Issues with no activity during 1 year can be considered stale

Reviewer: Does this mean that maintainers are not allowed to close issues faster? Regardless of the activity.

Reviewer 2: This is only about closing due to it being stale. If the issue has been sufficiently addressed it can be closed anyway regardless of this.

> Issues with no activity during 1 year can be considered stale
> and can be closed. However, SIGs are free to use a longer period of time.

Reviewer 3: closed immediately or marked stale first?
```suggestion
Issues with no activity during 1 year can be marked stale and can be closed
7 days later. However, SIGs are free to use a longer period of time.
```

Author: I'd vow for closing them immediately. 1 year is rather enough time to be able to forget about them ;)

Reviewer 2: > However, SIGs are free to use a longer period of time.

I think this should rather be defined in the repo guidelines in https://github.com/open-telemetry/community.

Reviewer 3: Marking issue stale is a form of notification to people, who can react to it, come back and say "I'm still interested", which could signal the bot to remove stale marker. They technically can reply to a closed issue, but that won't reopen / extend the issue without manual intervention from repo owners (who can always close manually if necessary).

I personally don't find it that useful to auto-close issues in the first place. Closing PRs makes sense because they rot much faster, but an issue might record just an idea on the roadmap, or even some registry like  https://github.com/jaegertracing/jaeger/issues/638. So if we introduce auto-close for issues I think it must be accompanied by a tagging mechanism that exempts certain issues from auto-close, like `roadmap` or `keep_open` labels.

Pull requests with no activity during 7 days can be marked stale,
and they should stay at least 7 days as stale before they can be closed.

> Similarly to issues, SIGs are free to use longer periods of time.

Reviewer 2: > However, SIGs are free to use a longer period of time.

>Similarly to issues, SIGs are free to use longer periods of time.

I think this should rather be defined in the repo guidelines in https://github.com/open-telemetry/community.

Author: We already have a lot regarding issues in this section - we can try to move it out in a follow up, however.

Reviewer 2: @carlosalberto Makes sense.
